[running footsteps splashing]
[cloth flutters]
[thunder rumbling]
SERVANT: His Excellency!
[door closes]
‐ Do I address
the Princess Half‐Demon?
I am Deputy Shogun of Kanto.
My name is
Ogigayatsu Hiiragi Danjo.
‐ The name's Towa Higurashi.
Sorry to burst your bubble,
but I'm no Princess Half‐Demon.
‐ She claims this is
a mistake in identity, Sokyu.
‐ My Lord, by your leave,
please allow me.
My young princess,
this is a manuscript
you had on your person,
is it not?
‐ That idiot! Why'd she have
to bring that back with her?
‐ Are the strange things
written in here to be believed?
You hail from a place
called Reiwa.
Why don't you tell us
about this land?
‐ I have to keep quiet,
or else I'd change history.
‐ Well, Princess? Say something!
‐ Here's some friendly advice.
You should let me go right now
if you know what's good for you,
or else you're
really not gonna like it
when my friends get here.
‐ [laughs]
Such nonsense.
I have something
I would like for you to see.
[claps]
‐ [gasps]
Is that a bicycle seat?!
‐ Ah, so you
recognize this object.
‐ So it would seem.
She at least
knows something about it.
‐ What's a thing like that
doing here?
‐ You see,
this was discovered one day
when a local clam fisher
was raking the river.
It was presented to us
soon afterwards.
[laughs]
There used to be rumors
in the Musashi Province.
You see, the story goes
that a priestess arrived
through the Bone Eater's Well
from a faraway land
called Tokyo.
‐ Tokyo?
Well? Priestess?!
‐ The item before you
is the saddle she used
to ride her mysterious
iron wagon from place to place.
She and a half‐demon
by the name of Inuyasha
were known to traverse the land
slaying demons of all sorts.
Listen well, for what
I'm about to share with you
is a tale that I heard
over a decade ago.
KAGOME: It's been
nearly six months
since I made the decision
to live with Inuyasha
in the Feudal Era.
I know I made
the right decision.
Every day since
has been so peaceful.
It's as though
the time we spent
fighting for the Shikon Jewel
was all a dream.
[Japanese music playing]
TOWA: "Inuyasha: Since Then."
GIRL: Hey look.
I found another one!
‐ Hey, Sango!
‐ Can I have it?
‐ Oh! Hi there, Kagome.
‐ Mm?
‐ It's Kagome!
‐ Hi, Kagome!
[both laugh]
BOTH: Hey, lookie, lookie!
‐ What have we here?
‐ We dug these up.
‐ Yeah. We found
lots and lots of 'em.
‐ [both giggle]
‐ These are kudzu roots.
If we dry these out, they'll
make a really good medicine.
BOTH: Wow! Really?!
‐ That reminds me.
‐ BOTH: Oh?
‐ Here. You can have this.
BOTH: What is that thing?
This is called a Kikyo root.
SISTERS: A Kikyo root?
‐ Kikyo is very benevolent.
It helps people with coughs
and even breaks a fever fast.
‐ That's all?
‐ I thought it was a snack.
‐ BOTH: We want snacks!
‐ Hmm?
‐ We want snacks!
‐ Snack time, huh? [chuckles]
‐ Alright, you two,
stop giving Kagome a hard time.
BOTH: 'k!
‐ [laughs]
SANGO: The seven autumn flowers?
‐ Yep. It's from the Manyoshu,
by some poet named Yamanoue,
but that's all
I could remember.
‐ [crying]
‐ Ah, there, there, now.
No need to cry, Hisui.
SISTERS: Ah,
there, there, Hisui!
‐ KAGOME: Oh, did I wake you?
‐ [crying]
‐ I know I've said this before,
but Kin'u, Gyokuto, and Hisui,
they all
have very unique names.
[Sango laughs]
They were Miroku's idea.
KAGOME: He sure is
an original thinker.
‐ [crying quiets]
‐ Speaking of,
Inuyasha and Miroku
aren't back yet, are they?
‐ No. From what I hear,
the demon they're dealing with
is giving them trouble.
‐ Huh?
‐ A landslide
collapsed a tomb nearby.
There was a demon sealed inside.
It ended up getting out.
[birds squawking]
INUYASHA: Is this it?
‐ There's only bones left.
‐ So many of our people
have been attacked
since the tomb collapsed.
‐ And every time, the heads
are the only things
that get taken.
‐ [both gasp]
‐ [staff jingles]
‐ Hey, Miroku.
‐ Yeah.
It's pursuing us from close by.
[grunts]
‐ [growling]
‐ [gasps]
‐ Those are their heads!
‐ No way!
‐ [growls]
Tessaiga!
[Root Head shrieks]
‐ [gasps]
‐ Yeah!
‐ [scoffs] That's what you get.
‐ Eh?
‐ Good monk,
we can't thank you enough!
‐ Excuse you!
I'm the one that got rid of it!
‐ Though it seems
to have run away for now.
Inuyasha, our work
isn't quite finished yet.
‐ Hmm?
‐ We need to see
the collapsed tomb.
Could you lead us to it?
VILLAGER: Well, this is it.
‐ It's in pretty rough shape.
Huh?
This is...
‐ Huh?
That's Kikyo's arrow.
‐ Inuyasha...
would you know
anything about this?
‐ [sighs] No. Why would I?
‐ If you say so.
The next thing we should do
is head back
and ask Lady Kaede about it.
[hoofbeats galloping]
‐ [scoffs]
That village was lousy.
‐ Yeah, but all of them have
been like that lately, Boss.
‐ [gags]
[horse shrieks]
‐ [gasps] Kirara!
[gasps]
This is horrible.
What could have caused
all of this carnage?
‐ It was Root Head.
‐ [gasps] Lord Sesshomaru.
‐ Ah, yes, I see.
The demon energy from earlier
must have come from Root Head.
‐ Master Jaken.
Please tell me,
what exactly is this Root Head?
‐ A useless demon no better
than vermin, except...
‐ Except what?
‐ JAKEN: Except it's‐‐
‐ A nuisance.
‐ My Lord, wait!
Do you mean me?
[insects chirping]
KAEDE: There's no doubt.
This is my elder sister Kikyo's
Arrow of Sealing.
‐ It did belong to Kikyo, then.
‐ This happened shortly
before my sister met you.
There was once
a demon called Root Head
terrorizing the village,
and she managed
to seal it away in a tomb.
‐ Why did she seal it away,
when instead she could have
purged it with a Sacred Arrow?
‐ It's a mystery.
At the time,
my sister had been dealing
with so many demons
of all sorts.
I think she was
growing tired of killing them.
That was also around the time
when she helped
the bandit Onigumo,
who eventually became Naraku.
As for Root Head...
it was after
my sister's Shikon Jewel,
much the same as you
once were yourself, Inuyasha.
‐ Ah.
‐ Who cares?
I'm not the one
we're talking about.
[girls giggle]
BOTH: Shippo! Shippo!
‐ Come on, Kin‐Gyo!
Get off of me, would you?!
‐ I wonder
what they're talking about.
They went straight over
to Lady Kaede's. But why?
‐ [girls giggling]
‐ Hmm.
‐ It's obvious, isn't it?
They're talking about stuff
they don't want overheard.
‐ Yeah, and they told me
I had to stay here
at Lady Sango's house with you.
‐ Oh, they did, did they?
‐ [wood clatters]
‐ Hmm?
Maybe they're back!
[grunts]
No, wait! That's not them!
‐ Huh? What do you mean?!
ROOT HEAD: Kikyo!
The Shikon Jewel!
‐ [gasps]
‐ Give it to me!
‐ Oh, no.
‐ What is that thing?
‐ [girls whimper]
‐ Hey, watch out!
‐ Give me the Shikon Jewel!
‐ [gasps]
‐ SANGO: Get down!
Hiraikotsu!
Shippo, take care
of Kin‐Gyo and Hisui.
‐ Sure.
MIROKU: Sango!
‐ Kagome!
Huh?
[growls]
You won't get away this time!
Hyah! Damn it!
‐ So it's made it this far, huh?
‐ Yes.
‐ Kagome, are you OK?
‐ Yeah.
But that demon,
when it got here,
it called me Kikyo.
‐ Wha?!
‐ Inuyasha!
Come clean!
What are you hiding?!
‐ Now, let's be reasonable.
I wasn't trying to‐‐
Hmm?
‐ [swat]
‐ Shippo, you bastard!
‐ [groans]
‐ That's enough.
Lady Kagome is being targeted.
It's best
if you tell her everything.
‐ [both growling]
‐ Tell me what?
‐ That demon was demanding
for us to give up
the Shikon Jewel.
‐ Yeah, but the jewel's
already been destroyed!
‐ Since it had been sealed away
by Lady Kikyo's arrow long ago,
it didn't know
that the Shikon Jewel
no longer exists.
That demon is called Root Head.
It burrows underground and
absorbs nutrients from humans.
‐ Then I'm
not the only one at risk.
At this rate, the local
villagers will be targeted, too!
‐ That's exactly right.
Six villages
near the Sacred Tree,
they're all in danger.
We have to get rid
of this thing.
‐ Let's go, Inuyasha.
‐ Oh. Yeah.
Why isn't she mad at me?
‐ He didn't need to hide it.
[Root Head growling]
‐ Ah, so there you are, ugly.
‐ So there you are, ugly!
It's pretty big, Kagome.
‐ I see that. Leave it to me.
‐ [growls]
‐ [grunts] Wind Scar!
‐ [roars]
[both panting]
‐ [yelps]
[both scream]
‐ [gasps]
‐ [growls]
[yelps]
‐ [gasps]
‐ Brother!
‐ Kohaku!
‐ [growls]
‐ Where's Sister?
‐ Right now,
she's guarding the children.
‐ Are all of them
back at the village?
‐ Yeah. I would be there,
too, if not for this!
‐ Got it.
I'll go and help her out
while you get the rest
of these people here to safety!
‐ Alright.
It's moments like this
that make me realize
how powerless I am
without the Wind Tunnel.
‐ [grunts]
Sister, are you all OK?!
BOTH: Kohaku!
‐ Oh, good.
‐ Yes. It left us alone
for some reason.
SHIPPO: Uh...
JAKEN: Is there something
you need, Shippo?
‐ If you're
just gonna stand there,
why don't you help us, huh?
‐ You utter buffoon!
Why in the world
would Lord Sesshomaru
care what happens
to a human village?!
‐ [gasps] Hi, Lord Sesshomaru!
‐ Oh. He kept us safe.
‐ Kohaku, you watch over Hisui.
‐ Huh?
Wait. You want me to what?
‐ Time to go, Kirara!
‐ [roars]
‐ [grunts]
[gasps]
‐ [growls]
‐ Let go! [groans]
‐ Hiraikotsu!
‐ Huh?
Sango!
‐ Hey!
Looks like you're having
some trouble there.
‐ [roars]
‐ Yeah.
‐ [[growls]
The demon's
multiplying itself underground!
‐ [growls]
[Root Head roars]
‐ Damn it. There's no end.
‐ Hey, Inuyasha,
has there ever been
a battle here before?
‐ Yeah. Neighboring provinces
had a skirmish here,
which means this ugly thing
has plenty to feast on.
‐ The roots burrow underground.
But from where?
[gasps]
‐ Let's get going!
[yells]
‐ Set me down there.
‐ Huh? Don't be ridiculous.
That thing is after you,
remember?!
‐ Yeah, I know!
All these roots
that keep popping up
have to be connected
to Root Head's main body.
We should use me as bait.
‐ No! You think
I'm gonna let you
throw yourself into danger
like that?
‐ I bet
you would trust this plan
if it were Kikyo
instead of me, right?
‐ [stammers]
‐ You see? I knew it.
BOTH: Huh?
‐ What?
‐ No way.
‐ Is that...
‐ Kikyo's arrow?
‐ Whoa! That was a nice shot,
Granny Kaede!
‐ The arrow I just shot
was the same one
that my sister used
to seal Root Head in its tomb.
That should draw it
to the surface.
Root Head
will definitely respond to it.
‐ Look there!
‐ Yeah!
‐ [gasps] It's getting away!
‐ Huh? Hey, wait!
‐ I won't let you escape.
‐ [growling]
‐ [gasps]
‐ Kagome!
Are you all right, Kagome?
‐ Yeah.
‐ What is that?
‐ If I were to guess,
it's Root Head's main body.
‐ It finally
came out of hiding, huh?
‐ [growling]
Kikyo!
I'll eat you whole...
Shikon Jewel and all!
‐ Just so you know,
my name is Kagome!
‐ And I'll fill you in
on something else!
The Shikon Jewel doesn't
exist anymore, you idiot!
[yells]
[roaring]
‐ We got you now.
Take this!
Meido Zangetsuha!
‐ [roaring]
‐ Kagome!
‐ On it!
‐ Alright!
She purified the land!
‐ Yes.
Well done, Kagome.
You've proven yourself
to be a fine priestess,
even without
my sister's powers.
[birds chirping]
‐ [sighs]
[growls] The hell
were you thinking?!
‐ Huh? Is something
bothering you?
‐ You almost got yourself
eaten back there, damn it!
‐ That's true, but I knew
that I could rely on you
to keep that from happening.
‐ Well, yeah, of course.
You can always rely on me.
‐ I do. I have faith in you.
So it's alright.
You didn't have to hide
the whole Kikyo thing from me.
Hmm? Inuyasha?
‐ Does that mean
you're upset after all?
‐ No, I'm not upset.
However...
Sit, boy.
‐ [yelps]
‐ You could have
a little more faith in me, too.
‐ [stammering]
‐ You know, this makes me
feel a bit nostalgic somehow.
‐ Let's go home.
The children are waiting for us.
‐ [chuckles]
‐ [mewls]
[birds chirping]
KAGOME: Fate brought us together
so we could trust
and care for each other
and, doing so, allowed us
to overcome our destinies.
All that's left is for me
to spend these beautiful days
side by side with Inuyasha.
[owl hoots]
SOKYU: The Bone Eater's Well
resided in the Forest
of the Tree of Ages.
It used to be a dumping ground
for demons
that had been done away with.
Any bones
that had been thrown down it
were known to disappear
after some time had passed.
That is how it came to be known
as the Bone Eater's Well.
But last I heard of it,
the well had been sealed up,
so it eats no more bones,
nor can anyone
pass through it any longer.
‐ And yet...
‐ [gasps]
‐ here you are, though you
hail from Reiwa village.
I'm sure the tale
of how you came
to these lands is interesting.
‐ Now, Princess Half‐Demon,
let's waste no more time.
You must tell us
how you came here.
I'm sure you must know.
Tell us, what will happen
to the shogunate?
What is the fate of our clan?
‐ Excellency...
‐ Hmm? What is it?
‐ Run away.
‐ What?
‐ [door rattles]
‐ H‐Hey!
‐ There's an intruder!
‐ [scuffling]
‐ You'll get hurt if you stay.
‐ Who are you?!
‐ Time's running out.
‐ [yelps]
‐ [gasps] What's happening?
‐ GUARD: Stop!
‐ Shut up!
Man, these guards are soft!
Towa, let's get going, already!
We don't have time to waste
in a place like this.
‐ You really are a handful.
‐ Thanks, Setsuna,
and you, too, Moroha.
‐ I demand answers.
Who are you?
‐ Well,
it's kind of a long story.
Eh? [sniffs]
Aha! Yup!
I knew that something
smelled funny around here!
So it's you, Yotsume!
‐ [groans]
‐ Well, since you're here,
I might as well take you out!
‐ Moroha, don't rush in!
‐ [groans]
‐ You're an apparition?!
‐ Oh, shit!
‐ You brat!
‐ [gasps]
‐ Hah! That bird's
a sore loser, isn't he?
‐ Moroha, wait!
‐ Eh?
‐ That guy seems
like he might know something.
It's better if we capture him
and make him talk.
‐ OK. Well, we still have
to chase him down first!
‐ [sighs]
Excellency.
‐ Eh?
‐ I'll be taking this.
‐ Who exactly were those girls?
‐ Oh, almost forgot.
‐ [gasps]
‐ I'm taking this, too.
It is mine.
Gotta go now.
See you around.
[Japanese music playing]
TOWA: Setsuna is
my younger twin sister.
We got separated
in a forest fire,
but we finally found each other
again after 10 years.
So why is she attacking me?!
SETSUNA: These are the only
words I have for you‐‐
I am the reason
you will die tonight.
TOWA: Setsuna appeared through
the Sacred Tree at the shrine
with a girl named Moroha.
What? They brought
some weird demon along, too?!
Next time on Yashahime,
"The Three Princesses."
MOROHA: I don't believe it!
You have a Rainbow Pearl, too?